you
I just realized that my Housatonic live ad is not in this deck, so I'm gonna do a vocal one right here.
First in the chat, Housatonic ITS is a guy that you should check out on YouTube and on other social media platforms.
Housatonic is run by Mark Kulak out of Boston, Massachusetts.
Rock on, Mark.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying.
We don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not, that's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is J.J.
Cooey and I believe he's a consultant for C.H.D.
and I believe he has a P.H.D.
in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
The
The End
Good morning from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It's May 27th, and yes, the Ulschner Kulak session yesterday was something else.
The Enchantment took a broadside blow yesterday.
Pretty impressive landing, given that it was all improvised and all off-the-cuff discussion.
with a couple people that have been working hard on their own and just happen to be in synergistic agreement with GigaOM Biological.
And I think you're going to start to see this spread as more independent Galileo Galileis are identified in their own disciplines, in their own angles, and the Interesting Times are going to become Capital I Interesting Times very soon, because our consciousness
is starting to become free.
It used to be prime real estate that was for sale.
We didn't even really realize it.
And now the pandemic has made it clear exactly how much of this escape is gonna require us to understand what really is true rather than what we've been made to perceive as true over the last generation or two by men like him.
I love this goldfish with a shark fin on it.
Ladies and gentlemen, there is no evidence of spread in New York City or in any other geographic region.
Infectious clones is a term that you can search on PubMed and understand what RNA virology is not.
Placebo batches are something that have never been mentioned, but would be the easiest way to roll out transfection in healthy humans, knowing it was criminally negligent, but wanting to fool people.
protocols were definitely murder we're just not talking about all the different ways that the protocols were murder we're just talking about a few very limited spectrums of debate regarding that murder and then we're not even using the M word
Gain of function is definitely a mythology and we have been fooled into solving a mystery about a gain of function lab leak or a natural virus.
And all it took was a spectacular commitment to these lies by the people on TV and social media that most of us are paying attention to for all of this to occur.
Once you start to understand it, it becomes kind of scary.
Once you start to see them for who they are, it does become a little scary.
And now all they have left is to attribute bad motives to us.
And you will see it more and more that the insults are becoming more and more the focus instead of the simple biological and common sense principles that Mark and Uwe and myself and Jessica Hockett and Nick Hudson and Jonathan Engler and Martin Neal are trying to put forth on the internet.
And it is with great trepidation that I say the names of some of these non-Americans, as I am very, very skeptical of foreigners trying to help with America.
But you heard Uwe Altschner last night, yesterday, explain better than I've heard any foreigner explain why America's system, the American republic is the republic
that needs to be saved because it is the republic that was a problem from its establishment.
Andrew Jackson was fighting against the same powers that we are fighting against, even if they've morphed and changed their weapons, their weapons have become more effective.
We can still, we still have time to show our kids.
Obviously, there are people who are not going to see this, but our kids are wide open right now.
Their brains are wide open from this mess.
And rather than letting these transhumanists put ideas into our kids' head, we need to take this opportunity while our kids' eyes are wide open, while their minds are wide open, for us to explain how the transhumanist god of artificial intelligence is a myth.
It's not going to solve any of the biological irreducible complexity that we should find sacred, that we should have reverence for.
And in fact, this all is one big joke.
And if we teach the biology to our kids, they're going to be able to see it for the joke that it is.
If we teach the history to our kids, they're going to be able to see these tyrants for who they are, these charlatans, because that's what they are.
And we do not want our children to inherit these charlatans and the power that they have over us.
And it's up to us.
We have to decide whether these people are going to be the idea setters, the thought leaders that our kids look up to, or if it's going to be the ones that we direct them to.
And in the end, we're trying to arm our children to be able to work their selves out of this, work their way out of this themselves.
That's how we make gentle the light of this world.
We teach our children to critically think and to see this wave of lies for what it is in America and around the world, because that's what it is.
It's a wave of lies that has been carefully orchestrated.
It's not a spontaneous wave of human behavior.
and human instinct, this is a highly orchestrated wave.
Even though it looks like a lot of waves on the ocean, it's not.
It's a very predictable one that benefits the people that understand how it's produced.
And so if we can teach our children how this wave is produced and how we've been governed by it, I think that we can reach the shore safely.
And that's the goal here.
If you're here for a while, you've been at the top of the wave.
And if not, you need to stay focused on the biology.
You need to stop taking their bait on social media.
And you need to love your neighbor.
The way this works is that people share the stream and people go to GigaOM Biological and find a way to support.
I'm more focused on sharing right now because the steady pressure that myself and others have been putting on this narrative is starting to bend it too far, beyond its structural integrity, and the reed has started to snap.
The flimsy foundation on which this story is based has started to snap.
And if we keep pushing, there's going to be a giant paradigm shift where all these interconnected stories now suddenly fit together in a very different way.
And when that happens, it's going to be something where those of us who are engaged in informed non-compliance, those of us who have dropped our hands from our own eyes and are engaged in resistance are going to be, we're going to be empowered.
And so get ready, it's coming very soon.
This is GigaOM Biological.
do
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
It is the 27th of May 2024.
I'm coming to you live from the back of my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
That biologist is Jonathan Cooey, and welcome to the broadcast.
I'm a human just like you.
I've got a wife and three kids, and that's about it.
I'm fighting for their futures.
and what little bastion of freedom is left in America and trying to preserve it for their grandkids.
There aren't very many people that are actually doing that.
Most of the people that have risen on the internet are actually working for the slavers.
And so it's very important that we stay focused on the biology,
and the big picture message that we are trying to send out on a daily basis.
The noise that you hear in the background is the wind in the trees.
In the garden, it's better with the door open.
I apologize if that's a little noisy.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
As I've said many times, we're going to spend the next year or two laying a foundation of many courses that people can share with their family and friends in order to get through these basic biological ideas and the observations.
in the past, let's say, 20 years that edify these concepts as being correct.
I think that's really GigaOM Biological's main focus for the next four or five months.
And so in the background, we're doing a lot of work that should support the, it's not something you can do just spontaneously.
If we're going to do these small mini courses, and they're going to be worth the
worth the hype, then they need to have content that's been well thought out and put together in a meaningful way.
And so that's what we're doing in the background as we continue to put these streams out.
And these streams are also something that I think are important.
I'm always
curating a list of videos and articles that I think are important not to forget and downloading what I can.
It's not the same sort of public resource that someone like Mark Kulak has created at markhusatonicits.com where you basically have a self-assembled Wikipedia of news articles and clips and archived videos and all kinds of things that
might otherwise be curated by the state or some other nefarious actor, globalist, whatever.
Here you have Mark taking what he feels are relevant people and documenting their history and also interlinking the people who've mentored other people.
And after four or five years, he's really come up with quite a resource that surprisingly few of these people on this screen have ever acknowledged as being even in existence, which is pretty comical.
So today, I don't know how do you say Happy Memorial Day.
I'm thankful for all the people that have
participated in every attempt to preserve our republic, irrespective of the kinds of globalist international conspiracies that underlie all of these basic narratives in our history.
There's no doubt that there are patriots in every generation, and Memorial Day is to remember those people that
you know, signed a piece of paper and sort of gave away four years of their life in service of their country, which is not something that a lot of us have done.
And my father did it.
And my grandfather did it.
But not everybody's done it.
And so it's also an interesting time to be alive now where
serving in the US military as noble of an idea as this is in light of the the current status of the globe I wouldn't I wouldn't fault anyone for thinking that you know you might have served in the 80s but you don't want to serve now
I don't really know what to say about that because I know that everybody that signs that piece of paper is doing it for a combination of reasons, but they all have to be patriots.
Nobody would, at least as far as I can imagine, nobody goes into that recruiting office with the idea that they're going to sign away that for the pay that they get or the uniform or whatever.
And so anyway, this is a very special day.
It's a very important day.
But I also want to take the time to highlight something that I don't think anyone talks about enough.
Surprisingly little, almost zero.
And that is that there are weaponized piles of money and there are multinational corporations that are intertwined with those weaponized piles of money.
Their technologies are intertwined with those weaponized piles of money.
And Palantir, the company Palantir,
and its involvement in anything should be a red flag.
Palantir was involved in the data collection of Cambridge Analytica.
They were involved in the data collection during COVID in the UK.
They were involved in the data collection during the vaccination campaign in Israel.
And they were involved in the data collection of a lot of the data that associated with the sequencing and the
the PCR positivity and all this stuff, everything they can get their hands on, they get their hands on with regard to data.
And Palantir gets many contracts, not only with these multinational corporations, but also with governments.
And so they have a tremendous power that is simply unacknowledged.
No one ever says the name.
When Robert Malone says that all these
If I say weaponized piles of money, one of the companies I'm always talking about is Palantir.
I'm always talking about Blackrock, Vanguard, State Street, whatever they're called.
All these giant piles of money.
And just list them.
If I don't know them all, that's fine.
But Palantir is a very, very interesting
Entity and so I thought one of the first ways to introduce thinking about Palantir on the show might be to watch the founder of Palantir talk about it on 60 minutes and
I try to read between the lines, and I'm not very good at that with regard to military stuff or governmental stuff or anything.
I'm pretty good at it with biology, but I'm not pretty good at it with everything else.
And so I feel like this is also kind of an illustration for my supporters to understand how much humility I think you should have
when approaching these kinds of things.
Because again, with biology, we're talking about concepts, ideas, observations that have been made.
And I'm coming at it with what I consider almost a lifetime of experience of spending daily thought on something biological, daily thought on something within the realm of the scientific method and biological observation.
So I've been
I've been jumping rope for a long time.
So it's a little different with regard to technology, information technology, spying, finance, and trying to expand our understanding.
This is trying to build an understanding of the illusion.
What happened yesterday with Mark Kulak and Uwe Altschner is just a tiny moment in time where
You see on the screen and you hear these ideas that you've never thought about before and they're gonna change you just like they're changing us.
If anyone in our high schools, for example, would have had the
Imagine if our world history teacher would have said, you know what they don't tell you, but what I've thought about a long time is it doesn't really make any sense that they just killed all these Jews because that's simple.
Like why would they waste that resource?
I bet you anything that on a lot of those people, they did a lot of medical tests before they burnt them.
So then there would be no evidence of all the medical testing that they did.
They might have only buried the ones that they gassed and then, you know, and, and had to get rid of fast or, or were dissidents, but not testers, or, you know, I don't know the answer, but imagine if there was a history teacher in your past, which would have just had an enthusiasm for history and, and really thought about things and then just went, wait, that doesn't make sense.
I betcha.
And that's where we are right now.
We're, crazy enough, real time realizing that one of the craziest aspects of the World War II historical narrative is that there exists a significant number of people that have managed to rise into media awareness that deny the Holocaust ever occurred.
Very similar to how very early on in the pandemic, arising through media awareness, is this group of people who says there's no viruses at all.
Even arising very quickly in the awareness of people who say we have to fight them, like Kevin McCairn was so convinced in March, even March 11th of 2020, that the main battle besides
advocating for a harder lockdown and making everyone make masks at home.
The main battle was to fight against these people who said there is no virus and say that the 5G is doing it.
That was his actual message in March of 2021, along with, I guess, NeuroCOVID.
And once you see it from this far away in retrospect, these meddlers,
They are exposed.
And it is most likely that these meddlers would be supporting, supported by, or
coached to ignore something like Palantir.
Otherwise, the ubiquitous presence of Palantir in the antibody space before the pandemic, in the mRNA space, in the data collection space, in these key locations like the UK and in Israel, these presences are completely ignored.
by Kevin McCairn, and Charles Rixey, and Meryl Nass, and Robert Malone, and Jessica Rose, and Pierre Cory, and all of these people who have written books about very specific things.
don't seem to notice that there's this one American multinational company with connections to the highest levels of intelligence in America, and also other countries, collecting all the data for the pandemic, connected to all of these weaponized piles of money.
And all of these people that are pretending to be good guys like Peter Thiel, Elon Musk, etc.
Let's check this out because I think it's gonna be really insightful for you to see this video with me What happened there?
Oh, yeah, you go like this And we go like this and we go like this.
Oh my gosh, it's terrible I'm uh, I'm a little bit out of practice here.
Sorry about that.
That goes there.
Yes.
I
Anyway, let's get this up and see if we can enjoy a little movie.
Clicky click.
Full screen, please.
There we go.
So I got to get my head out of the way for just one second and then we will, it'll play.
Alex Karp is here.
He is the co-founder and CEO of Palantir Technologies.
The company's data mining software is used by various government agencies in the United States, including the CIA, FBI, and NYPD.
It's also used by hedge funds and other financial firms.
Karp is a Stanford graduate and co-founder of the company with ex-PayPal engineers.
I am pleased to have him here at this table for the first time.
He does not do many television interviews.
And for that, I'm also pleased to have him here.
Welcome.
Thank you for having me.
Let me talk a bit about the background, which is interesting.
Stanford Law, wasn't it?
It was Stanford Law.
And then you went to Frankfurt?
Then I went to Frankfurt and got a PhD.
A PhD in neoclassical?
Social philosophy, which is a fancy way of saying a quick path to being unemployed.
Certainly to be the highest educated, least earning person on the planet.
And why did you do that?
Um, so that that's gotta be BS, right?
Social philosophy.
That's how you think about social stuff, you know, like interactions between people, maybe governance.
It sounds a lot like a euphemism for eugenics, really.
Um, and, and to super downplay it like, oh yeah, this was like the dumbest thing ever.
I went to Frankfurt, you know, where Peter Thiel's from.
I decided to go to school there and do a philosophy and,
A philosophy in, in, or sorry, a degree in philosophies of governance by lying.
Governance by mythology.
That's what you should hear there.
That's what that is.
Governance by mythology.
Even if the mythology is true or, or is based on true principles, it's still governance by mythology.
Oh, I'm going backwards on the wrong computer.
Let me see if I can get that back.
So pleased to have him here.
Welcome.
Thank you for having me.
Let me talk a bit about the background, which is interesting.
Stanford Law, wasn't it?
It was Stanford Law.
And then you went to Frankfurt?
Then I went to Frankfurt and got a Ph.D.
in neoclassical?
Social philosophy, which is a fancy way of saying a quick path to being unemployed.
Certainly to be the highest educated, least earning person on the planet.
And why did you do that?
Well, the same reason I got involved in founding Palantir.
I was really passionate about the issues.
I largely wasn't putting money ahead of what I thought was important.
Some of the ideas I dealt with were actually quite important.
What does it mean to know something?
What does it mean to communicate it?
What is the foundation of Western society?
Can we participate as citizens and how?
I was very passionate about those ideas, just like I'm passionate about my business.
Think about the questions that he just asked right there.
It's almost like we have to go back because that is just extraordinary.
What are the questions he's asking?
He's unemployed.
Why did you go?
It largely
I wasn't putting money ahead of what I thought was important.
He was interested in the issues.
What are the issues to him?
The issues are, what does it mean to be a citizen?
Can we participate as citizens?
What a strange question to ask coming from a Republic.
What does it mean to know something is another question that he asked.
What does it mean to know something?
What is it?
In other words, he's asking the question of how do we.
What is their exact quote consciously and intelligently manipulate the thoughts and habits of the, of the masses.
You can hear it in the words that he's using.
This is from 2009.
This is 10 years before the pandemic.
This has been a plan, ladies and gentlemen.
The hog trap that we're in needed construction and it was constructed over decades.
The hog trap that we are in, that we are now starting to be able to see the cage of,
was created over decades.
That's why when we were finally told we needed to rush in, that it was so well constructed.
It was already so well formed that the barriers of the cage were already there.
We ran over that way and we ran right into Robert Malone.
We ran over that way, we ran right into Merrill Nass.
We ran over that way and we ran right into ICANN.
We ran over that way and we ran right into Tony Fauci.
And we ran over that way and we ran right into Richard Ebright.
And before you know it, wait, how do I get out of here?
And Palantir has been instrumental in collecting the data and understanding the patterns that underlie our communicative use of social media.
And over 10 years, Palantir has been learning to craft what we see on social media and they are selling these algorithms.
I have almost no doubt in my mind, these proprietary algorithms are up for sale and can be used by Facebook, can be used by Twitter.
They're like the McKinsey of social media.
They're the McKinsey of data.
They might even be a competitor in some ways because
or a collaborator.
But it's really, really important to see this for what it is.
It's very, very important.
Because this man is not fooling around.
He is telling the truth on TV in 2009 because that's why he's going on 60 Minutes.
Just the same reason why Peter Daszak was on 60 Minutes, when he was, how often he was.
Just the reason why George Webb was on 60 Minutes at the beginning of the pandemic.
Because 60 Minutes is part of the control grid.
60 Minutes is exactly like Tucker Carlson.
It is exactly like Brett Weinstein.
It's one of these, the facets of this limited spectrum of debate that we are trapped inside of.
And Palantir is responsible for a lot of the actual shaping of the tools that they use against us from all of these different angles.
Palantir is one of the red threads that runs through the,
operation that was executed in the UK, and in Israel, and in America, and in Canada, and there is no way to deny that.
It is only a question of what have they done, to what extent, to what role did they play, and yet Sasha Latapova is not asking about the CIA, the FBI, or Palantir.
Robert Malone is saying you're never going to figure anything out, he doesn't mention anything.
The last time he mentioned something was when he was in 2021, still coming out, still trying to figure out what the message was and telling everybody that it was DITRA and he and we is DOD.
Listen to the words he uses and understand that they don't mean what they say, they mean much more.
It's code for the people who know.
passionate about the issues.
I largely wasn't putting money ahead of what I thought was important.
Some of the ideas I dealt with were actually quite important.
What does it mean to know something?
What does it mean to communicate it?
What is the foundation of Western society?
What does it mean to know something?
Well, right now, in science, it means that you test a null hypothesis and falsify it and get a p-value that says that you've falsified your null hypothesis.
Exactly the same stuff that Peter Thiel was talking about in 2019 on the Portal podcast with Eric Weinstein.
about how the exaggeration and lies have become possible because of the hyper-specialization.
It's all the same set of words talking about the same phenomenon that actually mythologies can be created in the ivory towers of universities with
grant funds and grant calls that are focused on the wrong null hypothesis, that ask the wrong questions.
And so he's telling you in a very umbrella set of terms exactly what he's concerned with.
How can we create knowledge?
Can knowledge be falsely created?
Can we create mythologies instead?
These are the real questions that he's in, the real issues that he was interested in.
And these are just the the mouth breather
skilled TV watcher set of words to use so that he makes sure that it's just the brochure version of the idea.
Again, this is only a 20 minute video.
It's probably gonna take me two hours to get through it.
But really important.
Least earning person on the planet.
And why did you do that?
Well, the same reason I got involved in founding Palantir.
I was really passionate about the issues.
I largely wasn't putting money ahead of what I thought was important.
Some of the ideas I dealt with were actually quite important.
What does it mean to know something?
What does it mean to communicate it?
What is the foundation of Western society?
Can we participate as citizens and how?
I was very passionate about those ideas, just like I'm passionate about my business, Palantir.
And also about antisemitism and other issues that you thought needed to be written about and discussed.
I published widely on both technical issues, kind of issues involving the convergence of neo-Kantian philosophy and Freud, and on discrimination and on civil liberties.
Neo-Kantian.
I think he's talking about
about, what is his name, Immanuel Kant?
K-A-N-T.
That's some pretty impressive stuff there.
We're basically talking about Club of Rome shit.
Interesting that he said, the host says antisemitism and he doesn't.
Like I'm passionate about my business, Palantir.
And also about antisemitism and other issues that you thought needed to be written about and discussed.
I published widely on both technical issues, kind of issues involving the convergence of neo-Kantian philosophy and Freud, and on discrimination, and on civil liberties, and on anything that anyone would read, which is what you do when you're an aspiring academic with essentially an interest in writing.
And then I migrated into a business context.
I mean, I migrated into a business context.
So he pretends that he really wanted to be an academic because that's what you do?
That's not, it's antithetical to how academia works.
Unfortunately, academia is a thing that you go into and you go all in and everybody around you is going all in.
And the idea of sticking your foot into academia and then starting a multi-billion dollar multinational corporation that just gets to collect all data from all things and pretend that they are able to have proprietary algorithms that analyze it is hysterical to me.
That's the basic gist of their, you give us all your data and then we'll give it back to you in a different form and tell you that we used highly proprietary algorithms to give it back to you in that different form.
And to what extent what we've done is not just espionage, you'll never be able to evaluate because you've already paid for it.
And the results will be good, but I mean, you're gonna see it, you're gonna see it.
Well, you know, the interesting thing about academia is that it's more interesting to the people in it than it is to anyone else.
And the impact, yes, you end up fighting about small things that may be fairly unimportant to other people.
And I thought that while the ideas were important, the actual impact they were going to have was going to be very small.
I mean, the kind of work I did was intelligible to probably 30, 40 people in the world.
So, um, wow.
So he's so smart that the stuff he wrote is only really understandable by 30 to 40 people on earth.
And so here he's talking about the same thing that Peter Thiel is talking about.
Now he's kind of slagging off the idea that it's so hyper specialized that I was writing stuff for like 30 or 40 people on earth.
That's that's how many people are specialized in what I do.
And so what he's outlining really here.
in real time in 2009 is this horrible problem that we have in academia that knowledge can essentially be created that can be only evaluated by 30 or 40 people, which means that the rest of the people just read what you say and take it at face value as best they can, given that they don't understand the language you're using.
He's outlining a scenario where gain of function in RNA viruses or the pandemic potential in RNA viruses in the wild or in the laboratory could be created out of whole cloth.
Where only 30 or 40 people in the world, maybe less, would be able to evaluate the legitimacy of any of the claims.
And so he realized that, holy cow, there is so little good information out there that I could make a living with a company that actually took in a lot of information and then tried to find patterns which could help them identify the good information in the noise.
Which if you're given access to all the information, it might be very trivial to do that with a significant computer power.
or with just manpower of looking for patterns and finding them and calling it AI.
And of course, it's pretty hard to differentiate when everything is proprietary inside of that building, whether it is an AI in a box that has figured out the patterns, or whether it's just 3,000 people on keyboards in different rooms working hard for three months to figure out the patterns and working together to solve it.
And either way, he's representing it as his company with his ideas and their proprietary technology.
You'll hear it coming.
And I think you'll be able to see how malevolent the description is.
It's really awful because he has just told you that there's a lot of bullshit in the world.
Not as well as Peter Thiel did in 2019 when he said that his default is to start with the idea that people are obviously lying and exaggerating because
That's what you do in order to succeed in these hyper-specialized fields, and so I take everything with a grain of salt.
This guy is telling you that it's all lies.
He's figured out that actually citizens can't really participate in their own republics because of the fact that knowledge can be created and curated by a very few people, and everybody else can't call him on it.
I hope you can see how significant this little interview is, because even though he never uses any big words, he says very, very, very big things.
on both technical issues, kind of issues involving the convergence of neo-Kantian philosophy and Freud, and on discrimination, and on civil liberties, and on anything that anyone would read, which is what you do when you're an aspiring academic with, essentially, an interest in writing.
This guy is not Peter Thiel.
He is Alex Karp.
But Peter Thiel and Elon Musk started PayPal together, and this guy started Palantir with a bunch of PayPal engineers.
They're all friends.
Peter Thiel is invested in Palantir.
He's part of the company.
That's not Peter Thiel.
This is Alex Karp.
This is the guy that they don't show you very often.
That's why we're watching him right now, because he's pretty honest.
He tells you exactly what's up, just in a very clever way.
He's smart.
And then I migrated into a business context.
And what caused you to do that?
Well, you know, the interesting thing about academia is that it's more interesting to the people in it than it is to anyone else.
You know, and the impact, yes, you end up fighting about small things that may be fairly unimportant to other people.
And I thought that while the ideas were important, the actual impact they were going to have was going to be very small.
I mean, the kind of work I did was intelligible to probably 30, 40 people in the world.
It seemed more interesting and compelling to do something else, get involved in business and see how that worked out.
And some of the issues in business are actually, from an academic perspective, also quite compelling.
So where did you migrate to?
Well, it turned out I had a facility for... I was pretty good at making money.
And I was very bad at getting paid.
So I basically turned the ability to make money and get paid into a business where I look for other people who are good at making money and bad at getting paid.
So he did nothing.
He's told you nothing.
I mean, listen to how much... This is incredible.
So it seemed more interesting and compelling to do something else, get involved in business and see how that worked out.
And some of the issues in business are actually.
Get involved in business?
Can you imagine how stupid you would sound if you were at a cocktail party and some attractive other came over and said, hey, what's up?
How are you?
Nice to meet you.
I've never seen you here before.
And you said, yeah, I'm in business.
I decided to get into business after I was in academia.
Is that all?
He's not gonna... It's amazing that Charlie Rose is probably not gonna ask him any follow-up questions.
Business, what do you mean by you decided to get into business?
What does that even mean?
From an academic perspective, also quite compelling.
So where did you migrate to?
Well, it turned out I had a facility for... I was pretty good at making money.
And I was very bad at getting paid.
So he's pretty good at making money, but very bad at getting paid.
Does that make any sense to you either?
I mean, I don't... Why is he laughing?
That's not funny.
What do you mean by that?
You're going into business.
You're good at making money, but you're not good at getting paid.
What does that mean?
You just told us that you were the poorest.
It was the dumbest, you know, like overeducated.
Writing for 40 people.
This is not a honest story It's most likely somebody who was given military technology or allowed to roll out military technology as their own just like Jeff Bezos Just like Steve Kirsch This is just a Muppet
He might be a very smart Muppet playing a very important role, but he's a Muppet for them.
Because this is bullshit.
I basically turned the ability to make money and get paid into a business where I look for other people who are good at making money and bad at getting paid and I taught them how to make money quicker and to get paid fairly.
I mean, I don't even know how to process those words.
They're so stupid together.
And yet, Charlie Rose, I guess, takes it at face value.
venture capital kind of operation?
Basically my own business which I built and I went around looking for motley people who had academic proclivities and were interested in business and I would approach them and say why don't you build a business, I'll help you.
And I did that for a couple years and then I reconnected with Peter, Peter Thiel, and we began along with a couple other guys to build this company.
And while there you had the idea for Palantir?
I mean, a couple other guys, who's that?
Peter Thiel and Elon Musk were tight, right?
So, don't you see now what's happening here?
Ooh, Elon Musk and Twitter are gonna save us.
Oh, it's the town square.
Oh, where everybody's censored.
We better go to Gab and Locals.
Have you done any research into locals?
Do you know who locals is?
Have you looked at this?
Locals is them.
Locals is the best way to find them.
Anybody that is on locals and encouraging you to go on locals is them.
I'd bet all my chips on it.
That's why Bret Weinstein is in Locals and went there very quick.
That's why other people went to Locals exclusively very quick.
That's why they were all trying to get me to go to Locals.
Because it's them.
Now, make a list of those people on Locals.
Make a list of those people that sell the rifle, black rifle coffee.
You'll see it.
Yeah, well, you know, post 9-11, I think the idea again, it was Silicon Valley ought to be involved in fighting terrorism and protecting our civil liberties.
And, you know, terrorism is asymmetric.
Asymmetry presupposes software because you're finding needles and haystacks.
Actually using an approach that's not exactly like data mining was a critique on some of the data mining approaches that had been used at PayPal.
And we thought that that approach would be very effective in this context and it would do two things.
It would allow humans to find needles and haystacks.
Needles and haystacks based on how they spend their money?
Algorithms that they used at PayPal.
Are you starting to see it now?
He's saying it right out loud here on 60 Minutes.
All you got to do is pay attention.
60 Minutes also told you at the beginning of the pandemic that George Webb was a fake.
They told you flat out he's a fake.
so that you would chase the Scooby-Doo for four and a half years if you saw it or heard it.
That's the same reason why Robert Malone still has the link for that 60 Minutes episode that's not down or hard to find on his substack.
No link for Giga Home Biological to show you exactly where that bad guy is.
But there's a link for Mary Holland at CHD.
There's a link for Catherine Austin Fitz at Solari.
There's a link for George Webb and his 60 Minutes interview.
There's a link for Sasha Latapovin or Substack.
Here's a link to all my meddlers.
It's all one big show, ladies and gentlemen, and I think we're starting to be able to see who they work for.
by who they don't ever mention.
That's the easiest way for me to see it.
My other obvious thing would be, of course, if you claim that you're fighting it, you're probably part of it.
So if you claim that you're really, really against Bimbo Bailey since the beginning of the pandemic, because it's not 5G and those people are grifters, you're probably working with them.
to create a limited spectrum of debate where nobody can escape the hog trap because no matter which direction you run into, you run into one of these people that has been put there by people like him because they know that citizens cannot participate in their own republic if they don't understand reality.
He told you he was really interested in the issues, you know, like how do we know, how do we know something?
What does it mean to know something?
Can citizens participate?
He's interested in the big ideas, ladies and gentlemen, like the organized and intentional manipulation and control of the habits and opinions of the masses in order to govern them.
I hear it.
I hope you do, too.
Data intelligible to you and me, which it's not.
And by doing that, it would allow them to find bad people trying to destroy our society and could be used also to protect civil liberties by making the data sets transparent so that it was very clear what the government is doing and how they're doing it, which is a particular passion of our company.
This may be obvious, but why did you name it Palantir?
So Palantir is going to save us from the government by auditing them.
I just think you got to know that, right?
You got to know that this is so crazy and such nonsense.
And when you see it now, when you see it now, ladies and gentlemen, please understand that this is really
This is the end of this mythology that they've created.
This is the end of this control structure.
If we keep pushing steadily every day, and we keep pushing this information out every day, people will be able to see it and then engage in informed noncompliance.
And unfortunately, that might mean leaving places like Twitter and learning how to use a federated social media network.
It might mean
logging off of YouTube and working harder to find the content that you follow.
It might mean taking social media off of your phones so that they don't get the data that they need or want or have convinced the government that is necessary to be collected.
Palantir is probably an instrumental player in convincing the
agencies and parts of our system which are not fully in their control to follow and conform because of control of the information.
On social media, ladies and gentlemen, make no mistake about it, they contract.
I'm gonna go back a little bit just in case we missed something.
I want to hear, so he says that he thinks Silicon Valley can be used to fight terrorism and Silicon Valley can be used to protect civil liberties.
And they're going to protect civil liberties by collecting a lot and a lot of data about how you spend your money and how you behave.
And then that we can get patterns out of it and we can find needles and haystacks, which are bad guys that we're looking for.
It would never be used to fight dissidents.
It would never be used to control a narrative.
It would never be used to create the illusion of consensus about a spreading risk additive RNA based pathogen.
Never, no way.
That would be crazy.
This is just to protect civil liberties and to make sure that the government is transparent.
Stop lying.
Silicon Valley ought to be involved in fighting terrorism and protecting our civil liberties.
Terrorism is asymmetric.
Asymmetry presupposes software because you're finding needles in haystacks.
actually using an approach that's not exactly like data mining.
It was a critique on some of the data mining approaches that had been used at PayPal.
And we thought that that approach would be very effective in this context, and it would do two things.
It would allow humans to find needles in haystacks, so make the data intelligible to you and me, which it's not.
And by doing that, it would allow them to find bad people trying to destroy our society, and could be used also to protect civil liberties by making the data such that it's transparent.
Could?
and could be used also to protect civil liberties by making the data such transparent so that it was very clear what the government is doing and how they're doing it, which is a particular passion of our company.
This may be up.
Making the government transparent is a particular passion of his company.
Wow, even Mother Nature is getting angry at the amount of bullshit on the screen.
But why did you name it Palantir after the seeing stones in the Lord of the Rings?
Yes.
For those of you who had a social life in high school, you may not realize what Palantir is.
For those of us who didn't have a social life, you immediately jumped out at you as the seeing stones in Lord of the Rings.
And they allowed the West to communicate or the forces of good to communicate and see into vast distances.
And we thought
The West.
Was it called the West in the Lord of the Rings?
I don't know.
I've read the books, but a long time ago, I don't remember them calling them the West, but maybe it was.
It's, this is amazing.
Or the forces of good to communicate and see into vast distances.
And we thought it was a fitting name for a product that allows you to see into large databases, but doesn't allow you to see things you're not allowed to see, which is basically what the seeing stones.
Which is one of the problems because of civil liberties and everything else.
Yes.
So the basic idea is that the West or Western values will win if we in the West believe in what we're doing.
There's no point in having a war on terrorism if civil liberties are being undermined to the extent that we aren't willing to fight that war.
And this is particularly true in the cyber context.
It turned out that the approach that was used at PayPal was essentially an anti-data mining approach.
It was anti-data mining in the sense that data mining uses algorithms across large data sets.
And what we do is we use what legal scholars call predicate-based search.
So we would look at you, and then we would go out and say, oh, the- Predicate-based searches, I believe, will be like, we're going to look for people who buy guns.
We're going to look for people who post about Trump.
We're going to look for people who retweet Tucker Carlson.
We're going to look for people who showed up at January 6
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think that's what that means in a legal sense.
Predicate based, predicated on.
Right?
I'm going to do a search predicated on what.
So now we're not using algorithms anymore.
Now it's not an AI.
It's just people saying, I think we should look for people who do this and see what we find.
So in other words, you are entrusting a private company with all of the data, and then they're going to tell you what they find in it.
And supposedly our governments around the world and corporations around the world are trusting this company to do that.
Here's all our data.
Here's everything we got.
Can you tell us if there's anything interesting here?
Can you tell us what the top 10 most interesting things are?
Imagine this.
Imagine the ridiculousness of this.
And yet this is in 2009.
At the start of the pandemic, they were everywhere, ladies and gentlemen, everywhere.
But it's Pfizer.
Pfizer is the one we're going to have to punish.
Oh, I hope we get Moderna, too.
And if we could put Fauci and Peter Daszak in jail, boy, would that be awesome!
Yes, the NSA is military.
Yes, it is.
lots of different things in your life that may be indicative of someone involved in bad behavior.
But it would also be very clear how the government looked at you.
It wouldn't be a wide net cast into a sea of data that brings back all the innocent citizens that
Oh, so the transparency is that they just tell you that if you're a Christian and you fly an upside down flag because you think that America is under attack, that you could be put on a list and then the government's being transparent.
If you do that, we just think you're a terrorist.
Can you hear it?
It's exactly what he's saying.
There's not, I don't think I'm misinterpreting anything that he's saying here.
Now the government can be clear.
We're not using an algorithm to randomly flag people.
We're flagging you because of your behavior.
And Palantir has a way of digesting databases and making it very easy for you to click check marks and pull people out based on predicates, predicate searches.
I really don't think I'm hearing it wrong.
essentially an anti-data mining approach.
It was anti-data mining in the sense that data mining uses algorithms across large data sets.
And what we do is we use what legal scholars call predicate-based research.
So we would look at you, and then we would go out and say, oh, there's lots of different things in your life that may be indicative of someone involved in bad behavior.
But it would also be very clear how the government looked at you.
It wouldn't be a wide net cast into a sea of data that brings back all the innocent citizens that are touched by that net.
It's a very precise, very precise operation, and each step in that operation is documented.
How much of your business is finding terrorists for the U.S.
government or whoever wants to hire you?
Most of our business is in government, and it all involves both sides of this equation, finding people who are up to essentially bad things, both in the anti-terror area, in cyber, in financial malfeasance, mortgage fraud, but also making sure the data is tagged in a way that allows agencies to collaborate with one another, which is one of the big findings in the 9-11 Commission.
Why weren't people able to collaborate?
People tend to focus on the policy issues, but there are also massive technical issues.
So this, I think, is a huge thing that Catherine Watt is very hot on, is the idea that after 9-11, changes were made so that cross-agency cooperation was easier and that people didn't fight turf wars.
And this was something that I think, in a way, just like having separate currencies in Europe might be a little pain in the ass for traveling and stuff like that, but it makes the system decentralized and more stable.
creates a little bit more air correction mechanism, whereas if you have cross-agency cooperation and ways of distributing information, now it's very easy to keep the FBI, the CIA, the State Department, and all these other of the 17 known intelligence agencies to exist, keep them focused on the same shiny object.
And so from my perspective, very armchair, you know, watching this, again, I'm not a national security specialist.
To me, this sounds like, again, a sort of slow-rolled titration of the reality, which is that your government and its structures are being undermined in real time and have been undermined over time since before 2009, where this information is coming from, where this interview comes from.
They have been slowly undermining the stability and strengths of our system so that they could manipulate it as a whole.
9-11 was a very important step in this that may not, possibly may not have gone as far as they wanted it to, because it primarily involved planes and terrorism rather than biology, which some people, including Mark Kulak, suggest maybe was originally intended to be a part of it.
So I don't want to get too deep into that part of the narrative.
I just want you to see very clearly what I see with regard to what language he's choosing and how significant it is that this is 2009.
to be solved, and solved in a way where you can just install it.
We do that.
And the second piece is, how do you do it so that when the government is looking at you or me, it's clear that they're looking at you and me for a reason.
If they bring a case against us, what is the case?
Where did the evidence come from?
Did it come from sources they were allowed to see?
Did they migrate from the source of one piece of evidence into another source?
These are the kind of questions that Americans care a lot about.
Why can't the government do this?
I mean, if this guy is just another fake,
Like the lady that poked your finger and got a drop of blood and could test you for all kinds of diseases.
If this is just a Theranos kind of thing, then haven't we just said, okay, well, we trust you.
I guess your proprietary stuff works really great.
So here's the big data pipe.
And where do you want us to put this?
Just plug it in over here.
Okay.
And then now the data comes out the other end and goes back to the government.
or to the agency that they're helping, to the company that they're helping.
And because of the nature of this proprietary technology, there's nothing, it's a black box where their data goes through.
And governments are allowing this man in 2009 to talk like this on 60 Minutes, say a bunch of words that really mean nothing except trust us.
In fact, they mean that the government already does trust us.
because I know how to make money but not get paid and so I got a bunch of other people together that know how to make money but couldn't get paid and made a business out of it.
To me, this is just a absolutely awful story for skilled TV watchers in 2009 to be basically told without even being known, without them really knowing that they're being told that private corporations are starting to gain more and more control over the government based on their control of government information.
That's what they, that's what is being told here to anybody that can hear it.
And most people that watch 60 minutes can't hear it.
They're still thinking, wow, this guy's super smart.
And he was so smart that he, he, he went to Frankfurt and studied the least payable philosophy of something.
I don't know, but man, he's really charming and he's funny and, and.
themselves.
Your child needs
Sorry about that.
It's my Mac.
I apologize.
I always ever get five seconds, though.
It's the place we've excelled at.
Think of the software products you like to use, your audience likes to use.
They're mostly American.
And they don't use it because it's built in America.
They use it because it's the best.
And why is that?
Well, you know, the thing is, of course, we have enormously talented people.
But what makes a software product work is an ability to build a business around a compelling idea.
And while this seems obvious in America, and especially in Silicon Valley, in almost every other place, if you want to build a business, people say, well, how are you going to make money tomorrow?
In Silicon Valley, we build businesses around an idea.
And then we figure out how we're going to make money.
Oh, so an idea, like, well, if you gave me all your data and I used predicate-based algorithms, I could give you your data back in a different form.
And it would be much more useful for you.
And it would be transparent.
And I can provide this product.
Do you understand that he just admitted it?
Just like Therano.
So if you give us time and give us this blood, then we'll figure it out.
And actually they just ran it into the other room and put it on a really great big machine instead of their little tiny one.
And then they pretended that it came out of their little tiny one, but really they just ran a genome screen in the back room.
And so this guy is pretending that he has software that's proprietary and magical that can take an unwieldy large set of data and make it into something useful for those people.
Just like I can take a drop of blood and tell you all the diseases that you might have a propensity for.
And all he's really doing is getting access to your blood, getting access to your genetics, getting access to your microbiome, getting access to your behavior, and then saying that he can do something useful about it.
So how hard would it be to produce a product in this scenario?
Look, here's the output.
This is it.
Thanks for the millions of dollars.
Please understand something, okay?
Please understand something very important here.
When you buy this idea, buy a business that's around an idea, you're not buying a watch that you can open up the back and go, holy man, that thing is beautiful.
Look at those.
You're not buying a watch.
In other words, think of it this way.
I can never open that.
So think of it this way, okay?
Is it two or one?
I think it's two.
You're not buying a watch when you buy this story.
You're not buying a software that you can go, wow, this is a really nice watch.
So this is the readout of the software.
The software works where you can push this button and then it keeps track of time.
You can push this button and it splits the time.
And it's proprietary software, but you know, I bought it.
And so if I bought it, right, I should be able to look inside and see how the software runs.
Just see it.
You can just look inside and see how it runs.
Palantir is not providing that level of transparency to the government.
Palantir is telling you that without seeing what's inside here, we can take your data and give you numbers.
And there's no way for you to verify how that software works.
It's no way for us to verify what else they do with that data, who else they sell it to, how else they make money with it.
And that's the same trick that they do with AI.
Well, you know, we don't really know how it works.
You can't really open it up and see how the AI solved any problems right now, you know?
So, so it's just, it's just AI works.
You got to feed it a lot of data and then it pulls out the right numbers.
We don't really want to know how RNA viruses work either because, you know, we just put the DNA clone or the RNA clone and transform or transfect a cell culture and that's pretty much all we know.
I mean, it works.
It's repeatable.
These aren't exact parallels, ladies and gentlemen, but it's the same kind of chicanery.
It's the same kind of charlatanism.
It's the same kind of snake oil salesman.
He just admitted it.
We build businesses in Silicon Valley, like Theranos, around an idea.
Not a real working technology, but around an idea.
And my idea was if you gave me all your data, I could sort it out for you.
If you gave me access to all of your data, NSA, I could probably sort it out for you.
Stop lying!
That's how this works, and it's not a guy lying and fooling the government.
It's a guy performing a brochure for people on 60 Minutes to explain why it is that our data, our data from our government, from our NSA, from our CIA, whatever, where I guess it's NSA, is being handled by a private corporation.
that we can never see inside because of proprietary technologies.
Because if we use that government technology in the military and in our government, eventually it would have to be, somebody would see it.
Somebody with clearance would be able to check it.
Somebody would find out whether that program was bullshit or not.
That's why all of these technologies are rolled out outside of the government, even when they've been produced by DARPA or produced by government research.
Because if they didn't, then it would be ours!
Instead of their proprietary stuff.
I don't know, we can't really see it.
No way to inspect it.
It could just be a bunch of people in a room deciding who they want to work against.
It could be just a bunch of people in a room finding patterns the way, the old-fashioned way.
Hard work.
Oh, but America makes all the greatest software.
It's all great.
The software is just great.
Twitter is like the best algorithm ever.
Stop lying!
This is incredibly important because if you want something to really work, something really complicated, you cannot hire people who are motivated by a paycheck.
They have to live and breathe it.
They have to do it over a long period of time.
Our company took three years to build before we even went to market.
Three years, no revenue.
In any other part of the world, people would laugh you out of the room.
But not in the venture.
But how did he get a company to go for three years without making any money unless he had somebody give him a lot of money, or he made a lot of money from selling philosophical treaties, I guess.
I don't know.
But not in Silicon Valley.
It's a rare place where people- Somewhere else.
It doesn't have to be Silicon Valley for venture capital to say, you're not going to make revenue for three years, but then we believe that you have the seed to grow into something big.
Venture capital exists everywhere, but the companies that have been best at using that capital exist in America by and large, and particularly in Silicon Valley.
And it's, I believe, it's not because we're smarter.
It's because we work better together, because we're more likely to be compelled by a big idea and put monetization second.
And this is the secret to our company.
Even when we went to market, we didn't hire sales.
We still don't have salespeople.
We have no salespeople working for us at Palantir.
We sell the product by exposing clients to it and saying, compare us to what you have.
But they have nothing.
That's the point, right?
Compare us to what you have.
Give us access to everything.
Let us upload it to your phone and let you show it.
I mean, it's a joke to me.
It's the arrogance and the certainty that he presents these ideas, and yet they're just basically word salads, that shows you that this is part of the military governance, the governance by mythology that's always been going on.
It is governance by mythology, ladies and gentlemen, and it's not started before the pandemic.
The pandemic is the culmination of years of preparation, years of setting us up, years of setting our parents up.
And the speed of the inversion of our sovereignty to permissions is just accelerated during the pandemic and is part of the plan.
Because again, in order to reorganize an ordered society, you need to go through chaos.
You can't take an ordered society and just reorder it.
It's much easier and more effective and more thorough if you create chaos and then reorganize it.
And that's what the pandemic was.
And they'll probably have to repeat it because of the fact that they went so off script that somebody like Robert Malone had to come on the stage in June of 2021.
Same month that Naomi Wolf decided to come on the stage and really start talking about the shot.
And the same time that Byron Bridle was silenced in Canada.
same time that Steve Kersh decided to become public, and the same time that Bret Weinstein sacrificed his YouTube monetization for all of us in a heroic effort to be a patriot.
What's the compelling business idea here?
The compelling business idea is if you want to make data, if you want to interact with data in a way that's intelligible to you, so the data that's around you, and you're the government, it's a very hard thing to do at scale.
So let's just say you go to the market and you buy something.
You talk on your cell phone.
You send an SMS.
So the government's got all this data, but they don't have the software to sort it out.
So in swoops, this guy who did a philosophy degree in Frankfurt and a law degree at Stanford with a bunch of people who know how to make money, but not get paid.
And he tells the government that, you know, you've got so much data, you need people like us.
It's just a mythology, ladies and gentlemen, it's just a bullshit story.
as they have incrementally transitioned to this control mechanism of full lockdown on information, full lockdown on monitoring people to identify problems and people and put them on lists and we're already on lists.
They already know where we live and probably could flip the switch anytime they wanted to and the list is published and people would disappear.
2009 this video is from.
report.
All those are data.
At massive scale, it's very hard for you to see that as a pattern.
So what is the pattern of Charlie Rose?
Is Charlie Rose interacting with people that are up to no good?
And then it's very hard for me, the citizen of America, to look at the government and say, did they look at Charlie Rose because he was up to no good, or did they look at Charlie Rose because they didn't like his hair color?
So he's trying to pretend that Palantir provides a way for the NSA to use the waterfall of data that they have coming in every second in a transparent way so that people will know their civil rights aren't being violated.
Did they use Charlie Rose as a way to look at Charlie Rose's audience and find out who's in the audience?
Well, if I'm looking at the government trying to figure that out, it's very hard to do.
What's done currently is they hire a team of computer scientists who write algorithms that none of us understand.
And then they come back and say, oh, well, maybe.
Do you believe the computer scientists they hire, or would you rather see it yourself?
And that's what we offer.
We offer a way to just plug on our platform, and you can be a leading expert in finding patterns on large data sets.
Whether those patterns are terrorists, they're cyber attackers, they're people, again, in financial malfeasance, or we the people who want to look at what the government is doing in one form or another, either through Congress or through our attorneys, we can then see what the government is doing.
This is very important.
We also allow people to collaborate, which is an enormously important problem.
When people look at what happened on 9-11, the conclusion was it happened because people weren't collaborating, and they focus on kind of... Especially the CIA and FBI.
Agencies did not effectively collaborate, and people focus on the policy and inability to work together.
He wouldn't say specific agencies.
He just let Charlie Rose say that, and then he said agencies didn't collaborate.
People weren't collaborating, and they focus on kind of... Especially the CIA and FBI.
Agencies did not effectively collaborate.
And people focus on the policy and inability to work together.
But there's also a massive technical issue.
How do you work in a massive data set and take out the two pieces of data that the FBI is allowed to see?
It's very tough.
And that's something we have a turnkey approach to that.
You can put our product on top of your servers, and you can collaborate tomorrow.
Interesting.
So it seems like almost Palantir has allowed other agencies to use the NSA data
in a way that doesn't violate civil rights.
It's amazing.
And remember, in Silicon Valley, we start companies based on ideas.
So his idea was that there needed that.
There was a need there.
And he's providing that need.
He is so smart.
I mean, I can't believe how he got into business after going into social philosophy in Frankfurt.
What have you discovered about terrorists?
Well, obviously, we don't discuss exactly what we've done in a classified context, nor am I allowed to.
But for example, in the Sinjar case, which is a case that was discussed in the public, we took a data set that lots of people had looked at, some of the world's experts, and we found that there was a group of people that lived in a village that was responsible for most of the attacks in Iraq.
And we found out they were responsible for most of the money and most of the attacks.
Now that's very valuable and highly actionable information.
If you know all the real attacks are coming from one source, there's a lot you can do about that.
And this is typical for the kind of things, or when we looked at the Dalai Lama... And so do you really believe that the DoD needed to hire a private company to figure that stuff out when they had all the data?
Or do you think that it was hired because that was the plan?
The DoD couldn't develop that technology and deploy it on its own.
Do you see the problem here?
This is the orchestrated giving away of control over America's powers, basically.
It is the careful
loaning out of the power of the NSA via Palantir.
Palantir gets to be the dealer of NSA information, it would feel like.
That's no small power.
a case which got a lot of public attention.
We partnered with Citizen Lab in Canada and we discovered that the Dalai Lama had been infiltrated by one of the world's most sophisticated and largest cyber networks.
And we discovered that... Working at the service of someone else?
Working at the service of somebody else.
A government?
That part we were not clear about but we are clear.
One of the very interesting things about cyber is this whole issue of attribution.
Right.
I think the metaphor that one could use in talking about cyber is maybe less cyber war, but the democratization of spy techniques.
So, in the 80s and the 70s, only large governments could pull off spy operations.
Now, teenagers in the basement with a computer can pull off a spy operation, and it's very unclear if it's them or someone else.
Wow, so that's exactly the same as Robert Malone says that now a college graduate with a bachelor's degree and some equipment bought off of eBay can make a gain-of-function virus.
He's saying in 2009 that a teenager like, I don't know, maybe a young girl from California could be on YouTube and make really crazy high-produced videos that look like spy movies and then get promoted by Alex Jones in 2019.
Holy shit, is he talking about Soph?
The diagnostic you use is very, very complicated.
It's not like someone breaks into your home, they leave a footprint, or a handprint, or they leave a hair behind, or you take a picture of them.
It's very, very tough to find out who they are.
But what we can allow people to do is get a much better sense of what the evidence is, where it points to.
The simple reason why simple data mining doesn't work
even leaving aside the moral issues it raises, is it uses a static algorithm against a non-static and highly entrepreneurial adversary.
That would be the terrorist.
That's the terrorist.
And so what you need to do is have a platform that allows you to interact with the data.
He described terrorists as being entrepreneurial.
Can anybody
In the chat, clarify how a terrorist is entrepreneurial and how that contributes to the problem of terrorism.
That's extraordinary.
I don't know what it means.
It could be very valid.
I'm not a military guy, but that's an incredible combination of words that doesn't seem random.
against a non-static and highly entrepreneurial adversary.
That would be the terrorist.
That's the terrorist.
And so what you need to do is have a platform that allows you to interact with the data and see the patterns before they realize they're giving off the patterns.
So it's non-algorithmatic.
It's not static.
And what we allow people to do is we allow the actual person doing the work, the analyst, the targeteer, to get ahead of the terrorist, to see patterns a terrorist doesn't realize they're giving off.
And this is what.
Now, how good is the terrorist?
You have to
What?
Agile there you go now now he's talking about narrative control Now he's talking about actors now.
He's talking about people that will actively oppose the behaviors of these people and
It's very cool because now you're hearing him say it already.
And where do they develop their entrepreneurship, and where do they develop their own computer savvy?
They believe in things that we don't believe in, and I think are highly destructive, but they're nevertheless maybe the most interesting, talented people of their society.
It's the same place we get our entrepreneurs.
The best schools, the best minds, or people who are just good at something that's very valuable.
Moving to cyber warfare, what do you fear the most?
We as a country understand what the danger is, and we as a country understand that it's possible to fight this without giving up our civil liberties.
We'll win.
If we underestimate the danger or we perceive this as a war that will be costly to who we are, we'll lose.
Democracies tend to win when the country gets behind it.
We are kind of the greatest democracy in the world, and we tend to win.
We are a republic, not a democracy.
If we become a democracy, it's over.
And so this you can clearly hear is staged nonsense language that's too bad.
See this as a war that will be costly to who we are.
We'll lose.
Democracies tend to win when the country gets behind it.
We are kind of the best democracy in the world.
And we tend to win wars where the people believe in what they're doing.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
It's going to be very hard to win.
As long as we have computers that are turned on, there will be people that penetrate them.
Every time we find a way to block them, they'll find a way in.
The danger is real and it's going to be with us the rest of our life.
Now the question is, if the danger is real and it's with us for the rest of our life, what can we as citizens do, we as Americans do, that allows us to experience the liberty we want and stop them?
And I think apparently he didn't know that signal was coming around or that any of these other encrypted apps would be there, right?
I mean, it's really amazing to me that he's being so obvious here.
Of course, there are back doors to all these encrypted.
Of course, there are.
They control the software.
They're telling you it right now.
He's telling the whole world right now what's going on.
This inversion from sovereignty to permissions is just an illusion.
It already exists as an illusion.
If they're already watching everything you do and watching your patterns and identifying them and extracting information from them, we're already enslaved.
that educational piece is really addressed directly, we will have a problem.
Educating the public about the threat?
Both the threat and the way... And the necessity of taking certain... Approaches, obviously I'm biased and I think, you know, Palantir's ability to tag data and show what the government has done is enormously important.
But you have to explain, if this is explained where there's
He keeps pretending that Palantir provides transparency.
Now he says tagging the data.
I believe this is part of the snake oil.
The real thing is getting access to the data and pretending that you're giving something useful back that a bunch of people in a room can't give back by looking at the data and using simple search algorithms.
Predicated searches.
I mean, this is just a joke to me.
It's very frustrating how much I'm sure that this is a capital L liar.
...prediction between our liberty and protecting ourself, we're going to have a real problem.
It's just the same way in any other war, where if it's we don't believe in what we're doing, we can't win.
Where Americans believe in what we're doing, we tend to do very well.
But then are you arguing if they believe in what you're doing, they're willing to give up?
He's talking about believing in what we do.
That's nationalism.
That's the organized and intentional manipulation of the habits and opinions of the masses that Edward Bernays talked about.
He went over to Germany to study social philosophy.
He went over to Germany because he's very interested in the issues like how do we know something and can citizens participate
Please see this man and his lies for what they are.
They are a very titrated and controlled release, an announcement of a coming and impending inversion where the slavery will become common knowledge and our surrender to social norms and the demands of our community will
supersede the sovereignty of the individual and supersede the sacred irreducible complexity of everyone's biology.
Like Mr. Rogers behind my shoulder over here says, you know, you're, you're perfect just the way you are.
And you have been since you were born.
And unfortunately, these people are involved in making sure that that reverence for who we are is permanently erased.
The liberties?
Is that part of the argument you're making?
No.
Well, I believe one of the reasons why I actually talk in public is there are approaches like ours which allow the people to make sure the government is actually doing what it claims to do.
So if you understand what the government is doing to protect and you understand what the limits are and you know those limits and they can be enforced, that's one thing.
If it's data mining where they're casting a massive net
under the aegis of protecting us, well, that's not fine.
So let me give you a concrete example.
And so he's repeating an idea, right?
He's still repeating the idea that this company is based on, that regular algorithms that don't have any nuance aren't good enough and don't protect your rights.
If we give us all the data and then we do predicated searches, then we can make government more transparent.
And it's just a lie.
Stop lying!
I'm sorry, but it's just a lie.
Data destruction, something that is not talked about enough.
So you're running a large multinational company, and the government knocks on your door and says, your data is about to be destroyed.
We know it because we were down the stairs.
We have also classified files.
We understand what's going on.
We need to make a copy now.
of your data to prevent it from being destroyed, because we know how to secure that data.
Well, you might be in favor of that, except for you want to make sure they're not going to use that data against you.
What's the guarantee that they use it, that that data doesn't get migrated into a case that the government brings against you?
What if the government's already?
Oh, so you can trust Palantir to do it.
You can't trust the government.
Governments are not transparent unless you have a company like Palantir making sure they're transparent, but that's just ridiculous.
That's just ridiculous.
It's incredible what's happening here.
I can't believe how good this video is.
Case against you.
Answer your own questions.
Well, our approach is when the government takes the data, it's tagged in a way that shows the source.
So it can't be migrated from the data they've taken from you to a case they have pending.
And this is a normal thing.
So if they take the data, you make sure they tag it?
If you use our platform, we can take that data and ingest it.
It's tagged.
If it's migrated into a case that they may have running against you, your defense attorneys will see that.
And you'll say, OK, well, this data came from data I gave you.
This is enormously important.
You're not going to have buy-in to help the government protect you unless you know that your liberty is going to be protected.
And this is something we do kind of turnkey, or as we'd say in the Valley, out of the box.
Whether you used us or whether you build a system, that's not my point.
These kind of things have to be built in and baked in, and they have to be discussed with the American people.
I'm always perplexed by this question.
If the CIA can hire people like you, like Palantir technologies, why can't bad guys hire people, not you, but people like you?
Well, I think, actually, I think... Because they don't exist?
Is that the answer?
No, no, no, no, no.
I think the bad guys do get people of equal talent to what we can get.
I think that we in America are very good at organizing ourselves so that we outperform the bad guys they get.
But I think they get very talented people.
And the cyber context is a great example.
You have what are probably bands of teenagers taking down major organizations.
These are highly talented, highly motivated.
That's happening today or the potential to do that is there?
If what we found with the Dalai Lama and our other kind of open source operations is indicative of what's out there.
It's out there.
It exists today.
There are many cases where we don't know what's happening and we are all capable of being targeted and take it down.
Software and technology has democratized espionage.
So what would have taken a large governmental organization now can be done with two or three teenagers in a coffee shop.
The biggest question that you as a president would have to, if you were president,
You would have to decide.
An organization in America is being taken down, okay?
We know it's being taken down.
What is the response?
That person has gotten inside an organization with significant security and been able to obfuscate who they are.
Doesn't that sound like the John Le Carre novels you read?
Of course it does.
But now you don't need to be a governmental organization.
You can be a single teenager.
Now, you as the president, to go back to the example, how do you respond?
This is incredible.
I'm sorry, but I find it really incredible how parallel this is to the nonsense narrative of a gain-of-function virus that could in theory be built in the garage of an endeavorous biologist, which is what Robert Malone has said repeatedly, including one time speaking in some form in some building in the UK Parliament.
sitting next to Pierre Corey and Ryan Cole, I believe was also there.
I would have to look in whether Meryl Nass was also there, probably.
And they each gave a little talk.
And one of the things that Robert Malone said was, is that somebody with a bachelor's degree in biology and some equipment off of eBay could make a gain-of-function virus in their garage.
It's incredible.
2009, 2021.
organization, you call up and say, look, you either stop or we're going to come after you.
But what if it's a teenager?
And before you've solved that issue, you cannot respond.
And this is a major issue.
OK, but it's part of your ability to see up to see around the corner then in terms of before something before they take it down, you can see patterns of people and or actions and or.
behavior?
Well, what we do is we help people like we did with the Dalai Lama figure out if you actually have been infiltrated.
So what kind of data is leaving?
And they have been.
They had been.
And in a massive way.
But then, too, we say these people are likely to actually be this.
They appear to be teenagers, but they are teenagers that are likely being handled by this organization.
Oh, teenagers get handled by organizations.
Isn't that interesting?
Because I thought you just said teenagers can do it.
So wait, now you're telling me that teenagers are actually also ops run by other people?
Now that's a really interesting thing because I think that there is a mom out there who's an op and I think her daughter might have been allowed to be used as an op since she was a minor, which is actually really scary.
from the perspective of somebody who has been interviewed four times by the Corona Investigative Committee in Germany, has been interviewed multiple times by Shannon Joy, has been interviewed multiple times by, well, why?
Why, if her minor teenage daughter might've been used by some other entity to be a spy?
I mean, how in the hell is it possible that this guy's talking so specifically about teenagers on the internet?
And someone who's supposed to be riding in on a white horse with Robert Malone has a teenager on the internet, an underage teenager on the internet that was promoted by Alex Jones in 2019 multiple times.
Are we really supposed to ignore that?
Because in one side of his mouth, he says that, well, it could just be a bunch of teenagers.
And it's not even a... It used to be that you needed a big government to run a spy ring.
Now you just need a couple of teenagers.
Maybe a couple of teenagers that know how to edit video.
You know, one on camera and one off camera.
Maybe you could have the girl on camera dress up like a Muslim sometimes and dress up like an acidic Jew some other times.
And then you could have the voice off camera be a guy who's like queuing up all the things that they're going to show later in the edit.
Maybe they could be influenced by someone else that this guy's not gonna mention.
Some weaponized pile of money, who knows?
Maybe just people who want to create the chaos necessary to disorganize the American Republic enough to destroy it.
It'd be so weird, right, if they used like teenagers from Russia or Ukraine.
That would be nuts.
Or more likely, when you're done with our diagnostic, we say, we are not sure who they are, but we are sure they are in this building.
Why don't you send someone to go find out who they are?
Why isn't this going to collide head-on into privacy and civil liberties?
Well, it would if there was a contradiction between finding terrorists and protecting civil liberties.
But the exact same transparency you can use to find terrorists, you can use to see what the government's using.
The central question, in my view, of civil liberties is how  it's not if the government has data, because let's assume the government has as much data as a health insurance company.
How is that data being used?
Is it being used in a way that's lawful?
Meaning, do they have the right to use it?
And is it being migrated into places it's not allowed to be used?
We allow the enforcement of rules that government ought to enforce.
And by the way, my experience is they want to enforce, or at the very least know they need to enforce.
And if it's framed in that way, then you can have what is the ultimate Silicon Valley solution.
You remove the contradiction, and we all march forward.
It's extraordinary stuff.
Thank you for coming.
Wow.
I think I'm gonna start cutting carbs.
I need to drop my belt.
Wow.
I mean, I don't even know what to tell you other than that is just gross and you must see it as gross, right?
That's...
It's just very obvious to me now that we have a very big problem on our hands and a lot of people don't want to talk about it.
There are a lot of people who simply will not talk about it.
I didn't take any notes today.
I apologize.
I was listening and ranting too much.
I will say that we do need to stay focused on the biology.
We do need to stay focused on what they are doing to us.
I started with this slide because I do think it's important.
It is really of utmost importance that we understand that these people were set in front of us to mislead our children.
To mislead our children, it's a multi-generational narrative that they are protecting.
And I believe a transition is coming where some of these people are going to be queued up to tell us how bad the old vaccine schedule was, but how maybe there's some new ones that will work, or maybe we can replace it with vaccines that work better, because none of these people are anti-vaccine.
They just want vaccines that work.
They want vaccines that work well.
And they all say that because they are misleading the young into believing that vaccination is a laudable goal, often achievable, but not always.
And the better we get at it, the less people will get hurt.
That's the narrative that all of these liars are trying to get us to teach to our children.
And that is a lie.
The vaccine schedule in America is criminal.
What I want is high morbidity.
I want people to complain.
And they have been gaming
a narrative that would allow them to admit that over a 10-year period, allow them to transition to genetic testing on the masses over a 10-year period, and that narrative is the plandemic.
The plandemic has been curated by certain people that now can be seen more clearly than they could at the beginning of the pandemic because their patterns of behavior and their interaction and reinforcing of each other's ideas has now revealed them for the limited spectrum of debate that they are.
They don't talk about murder being lied about in order to create the illusion of a pandemic, even though that's the most obvious military PSYOP of all.
Instead, they give you a very limited perspective where somebody like me is a military PSYOP, or somebody like Sasha Latupova all by herself is a PSYOP that Robert Malone is sick and tired of.
No, ladies and gentlemen, the PSYOP is a coordinated group of liars that pretends to contradict each other, pretends to oppose each other, pretends to argue with each other, and they argue about very specific things like ivermectin or hydroxychloroquine or early treatment or masks.
They do not argue about murder being lied about in order to create the illusion of a pandemic.
and they never consider the possibility of placebo batches or consider the possibility of a background signal being misconstrued as spread.
Even Kevin McKernan in April of 2024 was already more nuanced than that and able to say that there are background signals, but they can change and become what is now spreading.
He was very concise and very, very specific in his protection of the faith novel virus already in April, 2024.
And they all share the same pattern because this illusion is created by their work, by them.
Their chorus of lies is the limited spectrum of debate and the cage that we are stuck in.
And it dates back all the way to the twenties to Edward Bernays, when he said the conscious and intelligent manipulation
of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society.
This is exactly what we heard from Alec Karp when he said that he's interested in the issues of how we know something and whether citizens can participate or not.
It is exactly the control of information, the manipulation of our opinions,
that has been done to us from the very beginning by a coordinated chorus of liars, put in place to make sure that this military operation would be successful.
And now that their operation is breaking down, the only thing that they have left is to attribute bad motives to the people who were not sucked in and were not fooled.
Their goal has always been to prevent our ability to say no, our ability to exercise informed noncompliance.
And that's really what Robert Malone is trying to prevent from the very beginning, from 2021, where he is very smiley and happy to talk to Neely and Cottrell, Cottrell being the fakest of fake MD doctors there ever was, promoted by the fakest of fake journalists, George Webb.
and opposed by the fakest biologist in the universe, probably Kevin McCairn.
It's all one little group of liars that is coordinated from who knows where, sticking to the same story that we just solved the mystery that they were covering up a lab leak.
And there's at least 11 different things in the spike protein alone or in the genome alone that cause specific disease symptoms, but we've never bothered to track them.
And these narratives are repeated over many years by many people that shouldn't be repeating them.
The same person, for example, who advocates for the UNESCO human rights things.
Mary Holland is as big a fake as there ever was.
Look at the statement that she sent to the Czech government about vaccines.
Doesn't say anything about the vaccine schedule in America being criminally, obviously, a terrible thing in comparison to any other.
They've never said it.
They never will.
Because their goal is to make sure that you get into the hamster wheel and run very vigorously.
Make sure you run hard every day.
And that hamster wheel has been in existence for a long time.
It's a hamster wheel about pandemic potential in bat caves, in cell culture, in animal passage, and in genetic stitching.
And it is a worst-case scenario story about a gain-of-function laboratory leak, which permanently gives them this excuse for
for public health to exist.
And even someone like Ralph Baric's career and list of literature can be explained simply as his job was to seed the narrative of pandemic potential, just like Mark Denison's job was to seed the narrative of pandemic potential, doing experiments and disproving null hypotheses, which seem to confirm using p-values that in the far end of the spectrum, there is pandemic potential.
And that pandemic potential has also been codified in book after book after book.
The best one up here is probably this one.
If you're gonna buy one of these yet that you haven't bought, buy this one, because although this one has something about gain of function viruses in it, it's mostly about how liars are trying to take over and destroy America.
So I do think that of all those books, that's the one you ought to buy, unless you're specifically interested in seeing how my biology has been
Has been incorporated and not incorporated into the Wuhan cover up over there.
That one.
Because there is biology of mine in there.
There are some statements in there that I've made.
There's some quotes in there.
So that might be a fun book if you're interested in that.
This is how it was done.
So Ralph Baric is number one.
Number two is basically Dark Winter all the way through Event 201.
Number three are the things that they did in New York City and in the UK.
Number four is people like Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, Kevin McCarran, Charles Rixey, all the people on that screen where I say they are misleading the young.
All of those people are team worst case scenario.
Number five is how they co-opted people like Pierre Cory because it was a national security operation.
So you're either going to help us or you're not.
And if you're not, you can go back to Wisconsin.
But if you're going to help us, there might be a book deal in it for you.
And the end goal is number six, which is the toxicity of a virus and a gain-of-function protein was going to be confounded with transfection and transformation so that they could say that the next generation of this technology is awful, awful, awful good.
And that's where we are.
That's why they're complaining about the double-stranded DNA contamination in the shot, because that's a problem they can solve.
The problem they can't solve is that lipid nanoparticles go everywhere, and lipid nanoparticles, when they enter a certain pH, become highly toxic and can damage DNA in mitochondria and in the nucleus, can destroy and disrupt lipid membranes, etc.
They don't talk about any of that.
because the goal is to make sure that you think that they can clean up the shot.
And that's why Kevin McKernan is still actively touring with Steve Kirsch and doing podcasts where they incorporate Byron Brittle, so that Byron Brittle thinks that he's still doing all that he can.
But in reality, the main narrative is being pushed, that the transfection was rushed.
They used a process two, which resulted in contamination.
And there's SV40 and all this other stuff in there.
And so obviously, this is a really big problem.
And eventually, they're going to show you that the DNA integrated into somebody's cells.
And then they're going to tell you that now we have to just do personalized RNA forever.
and it's gonna be more expensive, but we're gonna be more pure, and we're never gonna use that awful process two again, because we don't need to make antibodies anymore anyway, so we don't need process two for any other biologics, so we might as well throw it out and pretend that we're capitulating and we're admitting that we made a mistake.
That's the exact theater that's coming.
So record this as a clip, put it somewhere on your desktop so you can play it in a year or two years and hear how, just like we called,
the inversion of the spike for transfection damage almost four years ago and set people on their first conniptions.
But now we are predicting again that they are going to admit that the old vaccine schedule wasn't as good as the new one could be, and that the new one is gonna be even better after they solve the problem of process two.
coming ladies and gentlemen.
Even Pfizer might be thrown under the bus in order to make sure that everybody gets the word that they're fixing the transfections for the better.
And that's again why Robert Malone is fading in here right now because
That's who did it.
That's who's doing it right now.
Perpetuating how the pandemic was created and make sure that we never look back effectively enough to question the pretense of the pandemic.
The pretense of the pandemic, which is a novel spreading pathogen that none of us have ever seen before, was obfuscated by people pretending to help us.
pretending to be essential to the dissident movement, pretending to have really important things to say when they did not.
Because the really important thing to say was, is that RNA virology is an illusion.
And that PCR, while if used correctly, can be highly accurate.
If used disingenuously on a background that was previously characterized, these people could lie about almost anything.
And no one in four and a half years has been able to succinctly say this except for GigaOM Biological.
That's just the truth.
And we didn't even know how well we were saying it when we were saying it in 2021.
And that's why a lot of these people were able to
break me in and out of my stride for the last three years.
But these bad idea spreaders are the only problem, and if we just start ignoring them, then we can pull our heads out.
This coordinated lying is exactly how a Scooby-Doo mystery of ridiculous proportions was created, and how it ended up becoming the PBS NewsHour.
with coordinated symphonies of liars.
The Lollapalooza of liars that it didn't matter what stage you went on or what band you cheered for, you were basically going to hear one of the three TV scenarios about a bat cave virus or a laboratory virus or a laboratory virus that was manipulated and then released.
And we've been dealing with this for five years now.
It's a biological phenomenon with no precedence in history.
But yeah, as long as all these people agree to agree upon it, then an illusion of consensus is created across parties, across nations, across governments, that there was a novel virus that caused excess deaths.
And people start ignoring that all of these other things contributed massively to their
being able to murder people.
Manslaughter was done en masse to create mass casualty events in a few places.
And then a coordinated group of people across the spectrum have been getting us to ask the wrong questions for three years, four years.
That's how it happened.
Asking the wrong questions, and there were lots of people asking the wrong questions, just like asking whether or not there was a Holocaust is the wrong question.
Just like asking whether or not there are planes on 9-11 is asking the wrong question.
Just like asking whether or not there was a bomb and the Oklahoma City bombing is asking the wrong question.
And just like asking whether it was a lab leak or a natural virus and they're covering it up is the wrong set of questions, because they just murdered people and lied about it.
And the people who are actively touring the world, lying about it by curating a limited spectrum of debate, a lot of them are on this screen.
I don't think Byron Bridle is one of them.
I don't think that Denny Rancourt is one of them.
He could be.
I'm pretty, pretty sure that Nick is not one of them.
And I'm on the fence about Ryan Cole.
But Robert Malone, Harvey Reich,
Steven Hatfill, Epi Girl, Bret Weinstein, Meryl Nass, and Jill Glass Poole Malone are 100%
100% participating in whatever weaponized piles of money are trying to invert our sovereignty to permissions and trying to essentially neutralize all the republics of the West at once under the guise of necessity, under the guise of private-public partnership, under the guise of international treaties.
It's all nonsense.
They are liars.
And we could be as very simple as Uwe Auschner said it yesterday, if we all fight for America and America survives this, America can preserve freedom of the West.
And in the meantime, we can help nations like the UK and Canada pull their heads out.
I think it's possible.
But I'm pretty sure that these people invited these people to Romania so that they could pretend that they heard them and that they could step in front of them and make sure that their real message, which is that there was no risk additive spreading pathogen that caused excess deaths anywhere on earth.
But there were a lot of bad ideas, bad protocols, and bad incentives spreading around the world that definitely did kill people.
And now these people are all lying about it.
And they continue to lie about it in front of the United States Senate.
Or at least a meeting called by the United... I don't know.
They lied about this screen.
Our hypothesis hasn't changed in a while.
They lied about what happened here in order for us to believe that transfection worked in healthy humans, but it was rushed.
And that's what all these people are doing now with the double-stranded DNA and whether or not it integrated into anybody.
How the hell are you going to find out where it integrated in a living person?
RNA can cause a pandemic is the other thing that Kevin McKernan and Kevin McCairn and Robert Malone and Meryl Nass all agree on.
And Stephen Hatfield and David Baltimore and Bob Gallo and all of these other monsters agree on.
Hilary Kaprowski is one of the first people to have told the story of a bat cave zoonosis from bat feces in 1960s at a conference called the future of mankind organized by Lederberg.
Ladies and gentlemen,
We are breaking this narrative.
RNA cannot pandemic and transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent.
And a lot of these people knew and a lot more professionals should have known.
And it's time that we call out the lies for what they are.
They are murder and they lied about it in order to make us believe that a pandemic occurred.
That's what this is.
Sorry about the bell.
That's my front door.
I think the kids are running around up there.
Ladies and gentlemen, our hypothesis, again, hasn't changed.
The goal is total surrender of individual sovereignty and enforcement of global inversion from basic human rights to basic granted permissions.
Ladies and gentlemen, one thing you can do is make sure that nobody transfects themselves again, especially college kids who are vulnerable to the social media as we speak.
Elimination of the control group is still very important, but you might think of the control group now as people that just get it.
People that understand that we are being governed by lies, and that's the control group now.
If you don't subscribe to the continued inoculation of your brain,
If you like what we're doing here at GigaOM Biological, please take the time to share this work.
You can find it at stream.gigaom.bio where all the music, all the stuff, nothing is ever cut.
And if there are any errors, I always replace the video there first.
You can go to gigaom.bio for a Twitter-like experience where we interact and chat and talk about stuff.
And Pamela shares all kinds of links that everybody should be reading.
And if you want to support my work, you can go to GigaOMBiological.com and scroll down about half a screen, and you can see lots of different options for giving one time or regularly, and anything would be greatly appreciated.
Thank you very much for joining me.
Again, this has been GigaOMBiological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist, and that biologist is Jonathan Cooey, and I come to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, actually Bethel Park,
in the south part of the Pittsburgh area, below the rivers.
And I'll see you again tomorrow, hopefully at 10.10 on time.
Happy Memorial Day.
I hope you have sunshine and I hope you can enjoy the company of friends and family.
Thank you very much.
See you again tomorrow.